[DOCS] Adds compatibility matrix to docs and readme (#2458)
elastic/elasticsearch-py: README.rst

Compatibility
-------------

Language clients are forward compatible; meaning that the clients support
communicating with greater or equal minor versions of Elasticsearch without
breaking. It does not mean that the clients automatically support new features
of newer Elasticsearch versions; it is only possible after a release of a new
client version. For example, a 8.12 client version won't automatically support
the new features of the 8.13 version of Elasticsearch, the 8.13 client version
is required for that. Elasticsearch language clients are only backwards
compatible with default distributions and without guarantees made.

+-----------------------+-------------------------+-----------+

> | Elasticsearch Version | Elasticsearch-py Branch | Supported |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Elasticsearch version | elasticsearch-py branch | Supported |
```

Compatibility
-------------

Language clients are forward compatible; meaning that the clients support
communicating with greater or equal minor versions of Elasticsearch without
breaking. It does not mean that the clients automatically support new features
of newer Elasticsearch versions; it is only possible after a release of a new
client version. For example, a 8.12 client version won't automatically support
the new features of the 8.13 version of Elasticsearch, the 8.13 client version
is required for that. Elasticsearch language clients are only backwards
compatible with default distributions and without guarantees made.

+-----------------------+-------------------------+-----------+
| Elasticsearch Version | Elasticsearch-py Branch | Supported |
+=======================+=========================+===========+
| main                  | main                    |           |
| 8.x                   | 8.x                     | 8.x       |
| 7.x                   | 7.x                     | 7.17      |
+-----------------------+-------------------------+-----------+

> If you have a need to have multiple versions installed at the same time older
> versions are also released as ``elasticsearch2`` and ``elasticsearch5``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a need to have multiple versions installed at the same time older
versions are also released as ``elasticsearch7`` and ``elasticsearch8``.
```
